# Data_Bootcamp_Final_Project
This Project was completed by
# Alia Abboud and Oleksandra Plyska,
here in partial fulfilment of ECON-UB.0232, Data Bootcamp, Spring 2018. We certify that the NYU Stern Honor Code applies to this project. In particular, we have: Clearly acknowledged the work and efforts of others when submitting written work as our own. The incorporation of the work of others–including but not limited to their ideas, data, creative expression, and direct quotations (which should be designated with quotation marks), or paraphrasing thereof– has been fully and appropriately referenced using notations both in the text and the bibliography. And we understand that: Submitting the same or substantially similar work in multiple courses, either in the same semester or in a different semester, without the express approval of all instructors is strictly forbidden. We acknowledge that a failure to abide by NYU Stern Honor Code will result in a failing grade for the project and course.

# Project Description
This project aims to study marital age in different countries. It does so by studying the relationship between marital age for females and different economic and social factors. The aim of this project is to see if the average age of when females get married in a country has an effect on or affected by other important socioeconomic variables like GDP, female unemployment, and female education. The data we have was obtained from the World Bank's website: https://data.worldbank.org/. The data is specific for the year 2011 as it is the most recent year with sufficient data. We use graphs and maps to present the results of thi data as well as some statistical measurement. Our data suggests a positive correlation between marital age and GDP and Female students, but a negative correlation between marital age and unemployed females. However, it also shows a weak correlation so the results are not reliable. Throughout this project, there will be some comentaries to further elaborate results and explain the process.
